A huge urbanization project has led to the eventual pollution of the once beautiful area, transforming it into a barren wasteland. You generated wealth for thousands, but Mother Nature paid the price.
Without enough consideration for your citizens and their livelihoods, homelessness and unemployment are at an all time high. The population is falling as people move away elsewhere, but at least you kept the surrounding environment and water free from industrial harm.
An increase in factories has led to water sources and the surrounding environment becoming majorly polluted. This has led to widespread disease and death throughout your population, and even you are on your deathbed. Mother Nature has lost all hope of recovery and abandoned humanity.
Lack of careful water usage has led to clean water shortages and drought. The taps have run dry. Emergency preparations must now be put in place to conserve water until solutions can be found to provide your population with a new, more reliable water system.
You have ignored the needs of your population for too long, so citizens have caused a riot to overthrow you from your position. You have lost all power and responsibility that you once had.
Your town is growing significantly and the economy is booming. To make way for more houses, industrial and farming space, surrounding forestry has been destroyed and wildlife disturbed. You did what you thought was best for your people, but Mother Nature is disappointed by your actions.
Mother Nature is angered by your carelessness and lack of consideration for the planet you call home. The environment is dead and deserted and the rivers run dirty or dry. There is an increase in natural disasters as Mother Nature expresses her pain.
Rubbish and debris litter the beaches and riverbanks, and local aquatic wildlife is suffering from the increase in pollution and waste. Things are looking bad but it’s not yet too late to make a change and try to turn things around.
Your town enters financial difficulty as the tourist population falls due to a lack of attractive environmental scenery. Citizens are displaying a split public opinion regarding your decisions and are beginning to lose trust in you as a leader.
Your water supply is struggling to adapt to the increase in demand as the economy improves and population rises. People are being left without reliable, clean water and you need to consider important next steps to improve your town’s water resilience before the situation gets worse.